Add ability for the caller to handle the firebase failures (#430)
wordpress-mobile/release-toolkit: CHANGELOG.md

### New Features

> * All `android_firebase_test` to not crash on failure, allowing the caller to do custom failure handling (e.g. Buildkite Annotations, etc) on their side. [#430]

Author: ```suggestion
* Allow `android_firebase_test` to not crash on failure, letting the caller do custom failure handling (e.g. Buildkite Annotations, etc) on their side. [#430]
```
